[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a horror film the
hills have eyes
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
on an obsolete road in the desert there
is a shabby gas station
woken up by the rumbling well the gas
station attendant picks up a gun
and walks out of the shop searching
around he doesn't find
anyone but when he returns there's a
handbag at the door
knowing what they mean the attendant
shouts in anguish
that he can't do this anymore and
they're on their own now
however having no choice he pulls the
handbag into the shop
a horn haunts an rv stops to refuel
it's bob and his family of seven on a
trip to california
the younger daughter brenda and the son
bobby are having fun with a pig
no one notices that a young girl
approaches their rv
and steals bobby's red jumper on the
rear row
in the toilet bobby is frightened by an
eye spying on him through the crack of
the door
he thinks it must be his sister's trick
so he angrily calls her names
but brenda looks at him in confusion not
knowing what was going on
suddenly their shepherd rushes out of
the rv into the shop
and barks fiercely toward outside
through the window
the eldest daughter follows the shepherd
into the shop and notices the nice
handbag on the table
which doesn't match the shabby
surroundings when she is going to take
the shepherd away
the attendant appears she apologizes and
leaves
before the family goes the attendant
shows them a shortcut
which is not marked on the map saying
that it'll save them
several hours the family thanks him and
drives away along the path he
recommended
they don't know this will be the road
leading to hell
bobby quite enjoys the journey he fixes
the air conditioner
and is glad to have his brother-in-law
chatting with him
a belt of iron spikes rises across the
path of which none of them is aware
with a sudden puncture flat the car
loses control
hits a rock and stops they don't know
the real reason for the flat tires
as the belt of iron spikes was removed
instantly
they try to call for help but this road
is invisible on the map
and the cell phones are out of service
bob takes out two
pistols one for bobby the other for
himself
eldest daughter lynn sees a figure on
the bear hill through the window
the two adult men bob and his son-in-law
doug decide to look for help
bob will go to the gas station to ask
the attendant for help
doug will walk deep into the desert to
see if any other people pass by
before the two men leave the mother
calls the family to hold each other in a
circle and pray
but they are unaware of being the focus
of the binoculars on the hill far from
them
after the two men leave the four left
unfold the table
and enjoy their time when brenda comes
into the trailer
the shepherd runs out again bobby runs
after the shepherd to the deep desert
he finds himself in a desolate valley
where a figure with red flits by behind
him
bobby picks up a stone and sneaks ahead
he finds no one
but the shepherd's gutted body bobby
runs as fast as he can in a panic
but he loses his footing and falls while
he lies on the ground unconscious
a deformed young girl in his red jumper
approaches
she kneels beside him and gently touches
him
then she sees a drop of blood falls down
from the hill she looks up and sees a
savage mutant
devouring the shepherd's leg doug comes
to a huge meteor crater
filled with many scrapped rb's in one
vehicle he finds many recreation stuff
he has no idea why the arby's are
discarded here
when it's dark bob finally arrives at
the gas station after several hours
walks
the attendant is not there and the old
telephone doesn't work at all
bob finds a bloody ear in the handbag on
the wall there are yellow and old
newspapers
all were the news about the nuclear
testing in the minor town
bob runs out of the room and gets into
the car which parks at the door
he hears the attendant murmuring inside
the toilet that he'll never understand
what's going on with the minor town
the children grow up as cannibals when
bob points the pistol at him
the attendant seizes it and shoots
himself he fires randomly and then
hurries into the car
but the mutant is in the car before bob
can fire
the mutant knocks him out and transports
him into the mine with a barrow
the deformed young girl sits beside
bobby to take care of him
she runs away to hide when she hears
brenda coming
bobby says nothing about the gutted
shepherd because he doesn't want to
frighten his family
when bobby stays up waiting for dad to
come back while others are sleeping
he hears a dog barking and goes out a
mutant takes the chance
and sneaks into the rv seeing brenda who
is asleep
the mutant gives an obscene smile as
bobby runs closer
the barking becomes fiercer bobby feels
wrong
and hurries back to wake up his sister
and brother-in-law
lynn thinks him too sensitive bobby has
to tell them about the dead shepherd
doug asked his wife to stay in the car
while he and bobby goes out to check
inside the trailer the mutant presses
himself against brenda
and tells his cohort outside via the
walkie-talkie to detonate the bomb
the bomb blasts in the brightness bobby
finds his dad tied to a tree
engulfed in flames bob howls hearing him
his wife rushes out and doug hurries to
the trailer to fetch the extinguisher
none of them notices the mutant in the
trail lin pulls back her desperate
mother from jumping into the fire
the fire is finally put out bob is
already dead
lynn finally hears her sisters crying
and finds her assaulted by one mutant
and her baby in the other's hands lynn
surrenders herself to his assault
when the mutant points his pistol at her
baby girl their mother hears their
scream
and she picks up a large heavy rock and
makes her way to the trailer
she raises the rock above her head but
is shot by the mutant
lin grabs a screwdriver from the floor
stabs the mutant in the thigh
but unfortunately misses his deformed
balls
after the mutant kills lynn he fires at
brenda but the pistol runs out of bullet
seeing bobby and doug rushing toward
them the mutants then flee
one holding the baby when doug and bobby
return to the trailer
doug sees his wife dead and his baby
daughter missing
on the hill not far when a mutant is
watching the trailer through binoculars
the shepherd pounces on and bites him in
the neck bobby covers his sister's body
with a sheet
and picks up his pistol but doug holds
him back
though their hearts are filled with
revenge it'll be too dangerous to rush
out without a careful scheme
when the sun rises on the horizon doug
takes the shepherd to look for his baby
daughter
passing through a tunnel doug finds the
minor town down the hill where the
mutants live
it's a lifeless place with weird
mannequins everywhere
finally he finds his baby in a room
before he enters the room
he sees a mutant pass by dragging a
corpse
doug shuts the shepherd's mouth up to
prevent it from barking
and they hide in an abandoned car when
the mutant goes away
doug leaves the shepherd inside the car
and he comes into the room for his baby
he hears someone turns on the tv and
sees a bald mutant
sitting on a chair with a woman's head
sculpture in her hands
he approaches the bed and carries his
baby into his arms
just before he goes the mutant sees him
she bashes him with a stick
which knocks him out when doug comes
back to life
he finds himself stuck in a case full of
human body parts
he manages to kick the cover open and
escapes
holding a baseball bat he comes into the
next room
there he sees a mutant with a big head
who is too deformed to move
doug asked him where his baby is the
mutant says wheezing
he doesn't know where she is for he
never leaves this place
he blames the nuclear tests saying they
were asked to leave the town and their
homes were destroyed
they went into the mine to hide and the
blast turned everything to ashes
they became mutants because of the
radiation
doug raises the bat and asks where the
baby is but the mutant laughs and says
it's breakfast time
suddenly a huge and robust mutant breaks
through the door
he waves and acts to hack duck just then
the shepherd flies at him
and bites him in the arm but the mutant
gets rid of the shepherd
and has a fierce fight with doug doug
thrusts the broken baseball bat into the
mutant's belly
but the mutant pulls out the bat and
pushes doug against the wall
he hacks doug with the axe and cuts off
his two fingers
doug pierce as the screwdriver through
his foot into the wood floor
and finally finishes him then he takes
the axe and hides behind a distorted car
and he kills another mutant who passes
by
when doug is about to leave with a
shotgun left by the mutant
he just killed the big head mutant talks
to other mutants with a walkie-talkie
demanding them kill the baby the
shepherd flies at him and bites him dead
fortunately the kind young girl in red
has already taken the baby away into the
hills
at the camping bobby and brenda carry
the bodies of their mother and sister
from the trailer into the car bobby sets
up a warning device
using the fishing rod when the float
droops brenda cries in fear
shielding his sister bobby points the
pistol around
and can't find the mutants but their
mother's body is gone
bobby goes into the hill and finds the
mutant is devouring his mother
induces the mutant to run after him to
the camping to trap him
when the mutant grabs brenda's hand to
pull her out bobby seizes the chance
and ties him to the trailer then he and
his sister escape through the window
and the trailer blasts into ash doug
catches up with the girl in red on the
hill
when she is about to return the baby
girl to doug a mutant jumps down
unto him already severely wounded
doug is losing his energy and soon is
motionless beaten by the mutant
the girl in red carries the baby and
flees the mutant runs after
and grabs her by the angle at this
moment doug collects himself
he stands up and beats the mutant with
the rifle
seeing the mutant no move he stumbles
toward the girl in red
and carries her daughter up from her
arms but the mutant stands
up before he attacks the girl in red
rushes over
and throws herself at him both of them
plunge down to the valley and die
back at the camping brenda hacks the
mutant who is in flames with the axe
doug stumbles back leading holding his
daughter in one hand
and taking the shepherd by the leash in
the other
the nightmare over the four survivors
and their dog reunite
but far away inside the hill a pair of
binoculars
is watching them this is daniel cc movie
channel
peace out